Create layer from point - fix table format for parameters, and move (#4536)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/vectorgeometry.rst

  Layer with a polygon feature representing the input extent.

.. _qgispointtolayer:

Create layer from point |38|
-----------------------------

> This algorithm creates a new vector layer that contains a single

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new vector layer that contains a single
```
guidelines

feature with geometry matching a point parameter.

> It can be used in models to convert a point into a layer which

Reviewer: Too many "can be used", here ;) What do you think about
```suggestion
It can be used in models to convert a point into a point layer
```

> can be used for other algorithms which require a layer based

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for algorithms which require a layer based input.
```

> input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   source folder.

.. |36| replace:: ``NEW in 3.6``
.. |38| replace:: ``NEW in 3.8``

> .. |310| replace:: ``NEW in 3.10``

Reviewer: Not concerned but I assume until the end, we'll have algs that would need it.

Author: Anything you would like me to do about these "replace"s?

Reviewer: No, sorry. Ignore my comment, please. It doesn't hurt to keep and anyways, we'll wipe them when releasing 3.10
